pytorch - download from  https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/


possible Bias?
    Done- No always predict the last node

get more info
    mail other papers writers - how they do the online predict - does it always on the last node as well ?
    check other papers evaluations - do they add info about how they generate seq data, how they test and evaluate ?

Time OF run
    Check with Bracha
        The diff between res and paper res
        the 'fine' we 'pay' for the aEOSs on standard evaluation
        how to compare exactly results with EOS test
        how to calculate MPR and Precision top 20 when a there can be multiple EOSs results
        the fact that we don't run yoochoose 1/4
            possibility to get a machine with GPU/ how to run with GPU ?

    Done - 15 min  per epoch - Tool long even on yoochoose 1/64
    ? Run yoochoose with TS vs pytorch - time f Run ; Problem - TF dees not run
    Done - run on 15 Consider less epoches then the default ; default --epoch 30
    Done - get diginetica - prepare and run
    use less Data
    Run once on all data - all epoch
    Enable Cuda

Add improvement
    Done - in the data prep / where adding sub seq - Check where the tested node is selected -  data Preparation - or test
    Done - add the nodes in the train
    Done - add an option to OK EOS node in the validation
    Done - how o identify EOS items ?
        No - Can't use negative; use id> item_ctr ; negative item ids ?
    how many EOS items to add
        Done - Count the usage of the real EOSs
        add a few options and test Learn this
    how to compare results
        Done - check that we have the same error on test w/o last click ?
        test on all data, and add constant error for the last click when running w/o improvement ? (bcz it is always wrong / had no way 'to be correct' (mainly in online mode)
    Where to add the new items ?
        Done - Both - in train only  ? in test and train ?
    Done - Add parameter for min item usage and min seq
    Done - Add the improvement --> Run a few times with ; run a few times without
    Done ~ Plot the distribution of the EOS
    loop on the % of aEOSs added

Research
    Done - check how many real end items exits, and how many usages are there for each (histogram)
    Done - Add parameter for min num of itemd in seq (seq len --> accuracy)
    Done - Add parameter for min item usage ( min item usage --> accuracy)
    num of epochs --> accuracy
    Loop on num of items in Seq
    Loop of min item usage

general dev
    Done - Add print to file
    Done - make TF run

to understand
    What is the loss vs the recall and the mmr

